README.md, before:

# Space Age Calculator (TDD Demo)

#### 

#### Created by: Juan Hasbun

### Last updated: 3/12/2021

## Technologies Used

* Github
* Gitbash
* Virtual Studio Code
* HTML
* Markdown
* Jquery
* Javascript
* Bootstrap
* CSS

## Description


## Setup/Installation Requirements

Using your Github account, go to your Gitbash terminal and use the: $git clone https://github.com/JuanHasZem/third_demo command to download a copy of the files used for this project. Then open the file labeled index.html to open the website and test the page out.

Alternatively, follow this link: [SpaceCalcDemo](https://github.com/JuanHasbunZem/SpaceCalcDemo)

Additionally, some node module are required.


## Known Bugs
  Currently no known bugs.

## License

Copyright 2021 Juan Hasbun

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

## Contact Information

Email at: <zemenareq@hotmail.com>

## Plan

Initial "blueprint" before creating tests (changes may/will occur):

Commit message:

add jest to eslint env, to get rid of undefined warnings

README.md, after:

# Space Age Calculator (TDD Demo)

#### This project is to demonstrate my ability to set up an envirnoment via node webpacks to create projects and to test my code (via Jest) using TDD standards.

#### Created by: Juan Hasbun

### Last updated: 3/12/2021

## Technologies Used

* Github
* Gitbash
* Virtual Studio Code
* HTML
* Markdown
* Jquery
* Javascript
* Bootstrap
* CSS

## Description

Using a barebones UI, the user will input an age. From there the code will then take that age, and create an object that will convert that age to a year (rounded up) for Earth, Mercury, Venus, Mars and Jupiter.  A 2nd object is created and takes a predefined Earth life average and converts it for the other planets. This average is then compared to the users inputted age (based on planet) and determines how many years are left to the user on each planet (with a loop that determines if you should be dead, if so by how many years). This is all then appended to the UI.


## Setup/Installation Requirements

Using your Github account, go to your Gitbash terminal and use the: $git clone https://github.com/JuanHasZem/SpaceCalcDemo command to download a copy of the files used for this project. Then open the file labeled index.html to open the website and test the page out.

Alternatively, follow this link: [SpaceCalcDemo](https://github.com/JuanHasbunZem/SpaceCalcDemo)

Additionally, some node module are required.


## Known Bugs
  Currently no known bugs.

## License

Copyright 2021 Juan Hasbun

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

## Contact Information

Email at: <zemenareq@hotmail.com>
